hey what's going on guys it tastes here
and today I have new video for you guys
it's um Harry's new cod four patch and
it's pretty nice and has a lot of
options in it and it's fun to use so um
yeah the menu design is pretty nice and
looks kind of like my friend air oh no
um I pro families a cop world at war
patch but um I think that's because he
helped them with the menu design or
that's just what it says on next gen
update but um yeah this is a really gay
patch don't use it online I'm just
kidding um it's a nice patch the mini
design is great has a lot of options
it's pretty useful um and house unlock
all 55 you know all that stuff plus a
little extra fun mods so um yeah if you
enjoyed this video please give a like
and comment it helps me check my channel
grow a lot and yeah so peace out
you